
About the job

Pure is a dating app for honest dating around the world. We believe that dating is not just endless swiping, but a fun game in which everyone can find something for themselves regardless of their taste!

We are looking for an ML Engineer who will work on enhancing our Recommendation System in order to provide optimal user experience!

Who are we looking for?

    PhD or MS in machine learning, computer science, statistics, or other highly quantitative fields
    3+ years of professional experience
    Hands-on experience in designing and building highly scalable distributed ML models.
    Proficiency in Python, SQL.
    In-depth knowledge of deep neural networks, classification and regression techniques, natural language processing.
    Experience with recommendation systems for e-commerce, social media, or entertainment platforms.
    Strong understanding of data structures and algorithms and their implementation in machine learning models.
    Experience with data preprocessing, feature engineering, and model selection.
    Monitor and maintain machine learning models and applications
    Ability to communicate complex technical concepts to non-technical stakeholders.

Bonus points for:

    Experience with big data frameworks, especially combining extensive datasets.
    Experience with AWS or Google Cloud Platform.
    Experience with Kubernetes.
    Demonstrable experience in building and developing algorithms.
    Proven experience producing computationally efficient software to meet real-time requirements.
    Expertise in Large Language Models (LLMs) such as GPT-3, GPT-4, or similar.

What will you be working on?

    Exciting problems for recommendations to improve the user experience.
    Designing and implementing state-of-the-art machine learning algorithms, including Large Language Models, in distributed machine learning frameworks.
    Conducting experiments to evaluate model performance and provide recommendations for improvements.
    Developing and maintaining documentation for models, datasets, and experiments.
    Work with data scientists and software engineers to build and improve machine learning systems.

What do we offer?

    Remote-first environment (our office is in Berlin if you prefer to work from there).
    Flexible working hours.
    Quarterly bonuses based solely on your performance.
    An opportunity to join us during our high-growth stage and create an impact.
    Language lessons on Preply.
    Yearly education budget.
    A multinational and diverse workplace.

At Pure, we are anything but boring. Join us on a mission to make dating more exciting for everyone!
